I really thought you were going to be killed
I'm afraid I'll never see you again. Me too
Oh, right.
How did you use Chu Chu to let me out?
So I told them.
I am a man who covets wealth
And then did something to company finance
And?
You don't like me anymore and take me to the police station
Hmm and then what?
Then they go to jail
This is what my dad taught me
Well, by the way, go and wash up.
I'm going to the police station to take a statement later
OK
Ah!
This is the first time I feel so happy talking from the police station
All the eaves are gone. That's great.
But our bodies haven't changed back yet.
So what?
You have my beautiful body
Beautiful you hum
Hey
Why do you feel like you've suffered?
Did we men give it for nothing?
Are you sleeping?